tens of thousands of people have been
out on the streets across Israel tonight
as unions there call for a general
strike tomorrow in protest at the
government's failure to secure the
release of more than a hundred hostages
still being held by Hamas the bodies of
six hostages were recovered by the
Israeli Army this weekend the IDF say
they were discovered in a tunnel in Rafa
in southern Gaza Israel says they had
been murdered in the last few days Hamas
claimed they were killed by Israeli air
strikes our Middle East correspondent
Lucy Williamson reports now on the
growing pressure on Israel's primee
Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu Hamas would protect them as
assets the argument went these younger
fitter hostages were the ones who would
survive instead Israel's Army says they
were shot by Hamas in a tunnel under
Rafa as Israeli forces battled above
them almog
sarusi Alexander lobanov
Ori
danino Eden yereli whose last words to
her sister were they've caught
me and hshh Goldberg pollen a
23-year-old us Israeli
Citizen and Carmel Gat a therapist who
was described by other hostages as their
Guardian
Angel carmel's family said she and HH
were due to be released in a deal
outlined in July her cousin today
inconsolable it's too late for us it's
too late for
carel I will never hug her again but
101 people can still hug their families
for them make the deal save
lives as pressure on Israel's prime
minister builds today he blamed Hamas
for the failure to free the
hostages while Israel is conducting
intensive negotiations with the
mediators in a supreme effort to reach a
deal Hamas continues to firmly refuse
any offer he who murders hostages does
not want to
deal a red flag at the protest today a
message to the Prime Minister the last
Red Line has been crossed hostages were
dying they said as a direct result of
the prime minister's failure to sign a
deal outside Mr netanyahu's office today
they've been shouting murderer many
people here think he simply doesn't want
a deal and if a deal is no longer
possible they say then the hostages are
no longer valuable to Hamas hostages do
not return When guns are
shooting the region does not go quiet
for the time necessary to return
hostages when guns are
shooting the irony is that fighting did
stop in central areas of Gaza today for
the start of a 9-day rolling vaccine
program delivered by the
UN the discovery of gaza's first case of
polio in 25 years the only thing that's
paused the fighting since
November thank God they've agreed on
this said um but we hope the war stops
completely and not just for a couple of
days we've suffered a
lot in Tel Aviv tonight
these six deaths sparked new life in the
protest movement pushing for a ceasefire
deal tens of thousands on the streets
confronting Benjamin Netanyahu with a
choice okay peace in Gaza or War at
home well Israel's labor union has now
announced a one- day strike for tomorrow
it's expected to affect uh some public
transport some schools hospitals and
private businesses and some of the
flights out of the airport tomorrow
morning might be affected as well
Israel's far right finance minister is
worried enough that he's asked the
Attorney General to block the strike but
of course the government won't just be
worried about the economic impacts of
this they'll be worried about the
growing political pressure as well